[Music]
it's sort of unlike any television show
I've ever been involved in every day
there's someone in some extraordinary
prosthetics or something's being blown
up I can't wait to see it finished
[Music]
it's been amazing to be able to be a
part of bringing the book to life so we
can reproduce the inside okay it comes
from this sort of twisted minds of Terry
Pratchett Neil Gaiman of course which
makes it entirely unique and yet somehow
instantly recognisable it's really
exciting to be able to be a part of it
but it makes it all the more special
than Neil is right at the heart of a
Neil's humor and intelligence as well as
Terry's irreverently funny big thinker
beautiful writer my favorites yeah every
day is a new discovery we loved us so
much why they decided to cast me I have
no idea
you
[Music]